Bring me all today's couriers and check them one by one.
Can't wait
Illusion he got me lost in lies
Look away and compromise and be imprisoned
Torn apart by the night
I feel that he is looking through tears strongly
These things shouldn't be here
Did I ever tell you that?
Don't come with the forest again
Why don't you listen to your mother?
Why can't I even have a friend?
But a broken heart
I've always had only you
From small to large
I only have you
But there are many people around you
No place for you.
What is a cat in your heart?
He's a dog.
Lu insists that I am human
I'm not a kitten or a puppy.
Will have a heart
It will be sad.
I don't want to be like a puppy
Sitting at home every day
Looking forward to your return
Then wait for you to touch my head
I wagged my tail happily
I'm really tired.